Those two provinces, we clasp our hands and enter with the
Buddha's dream, praying for society. I,
Vietnam, Buddha,
Shakyamuni Buddha
[music]
Namo Buddha, Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo
Buddha, I
want to sing about the Buddha
[music]
Mother Ly.
Dear fellow practitioners, before entering
Nirvana, the Buddha taught you not to
rely on anything, not to rely on
anything at all. Take the true Dharma as your lamp, what does the
lamp
rely on? It is
yourself.
Today, isn't it true that we take the
right mindfulness as our lamp, not relying
on anyone, relying on ourselves? Only through practice
can we understand the Buddha's teachings,
right? This true Dharma is our lamp, and
that true Dharma is already complete, encompassing both the Buddha's teachings
and the seat. That is, the Buddha is the enlightened one, the
Buddha's color is emitted, the Sangha is the
one who transmits and then relies on oneself to purify oneself, to generate wisdom
from oneself. Wisdom is not acquired from external knowledge.
Remember, wisdom is not
acquired from external knowledge. The lineage of
knowledge is acquired from the outside.
Perfect wisdom is within oneself.
Therefore, if we eliminate greed, hatred, and delusion,
then wisdom will shine brightly, illuminating the limited paths of existence
for us to understand. Only then will
we truly cherish the life of cultivation, right, dear fellow
practitioners? The most
important thing in cultivation is the first: a sincere desire for liberation. Secondly, the karmic connection that calls us to this present moment. Above all, the karmic connection is crucial.
Yen said that no matter what we
sacrifice, whether it's money,
fame, beauty,
delicious food, or anything more, we will
never sacrifice. I only
take the true Dharma and the karmic connection for cultivation. I
take the true Dharma for myself,
because with the true Dharma and the karmic connection, we can
achieve enlightenment. But if we
change, no, no, no, we no longer take the true
Dharma and no longer take the karmic connection for cultivation,
then we will lose everything. For
us Buddhists, what is the karmic connection for cultivation? The true Dharma is something
the teacher has already taught us. The
karmic connection for cultivation is that we are often
caught in the limited paths of existence. That is, when we
have this karmic connection, we are at
this stage; we can move on to the
next stage, but we cannot.  We
cling to what we have, so we
cling to the fact that we're stuck at that point, my
friends. When we're stuck, it means we're stuck
on Facebook, and if we don't take
another step forward,
we'll forever remain at
that point and never be able to continue.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Music]